It is a lovely sunny day.
Peppa and her family
are driving to the playground.
Is everybody ready?
Yes, daddy pig.
Then let's go!
We are going to the playground.
Vroom…...Vroom……
George and peppa
love going to the playground.
Oh, why have we stopped?
It's a traffic jam.
But we need to get to the playground.
Don't worry, George.
The traffic is moving again.
Stop!
Mr. Bull has stopped the traffic.
What's the problem, Mr. Bull?
Moo…..We are digging up the road.
There's water coming out of the ground!
Yes. That's what we are here to fix.
Is it going to take long?
It will take as long as it takes.
Digger. Digger.
George likes diggers.
This Way, Mr. Rhino
Ok, boss.
Mr. Bull is the boss.
Mr. Bull,
where's all that water coming from?
It's coming from a
broken water pipe underground.
How are you going to fix it?
We dig up the road!
Wow!
We turn the water off.
George loves cranes.
Crane. Crane.
We take the old pipe out
and put the new one in.
Thank you for
showing us your work, Mr. Bull.
Moo….No problem. Bye, See you later!
Oh, dear. Geroge
doesn't want to leave Mr. Bull.
We are going to the playground, Geroge.
You can play diggers
and cranes in the sand pit.
And you will see
Mr. Bull again on our way home.
Peppa and her family
have arrived at the playground.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, Peppa!
Edmond elephant and Richard
Rabbit are playing in the sand pit.
Let's play in the sand pit.
Ok.
Stop.
What's the problem?
We are digging up
the road and I am the boss.
Oh…
Is it going to take long?
It'll take as long as it'll take.
We have to make a hole.
We fill it in
and the road is mended.
Hooray!
Peppa, George. It's time to go home.
Ah
Oh, dear.
George doesn't want to go home yet.
On the way home, George,
we can see Mr. Bull digging up the road.
Bye, everyone.
Bye, peppa.
Peppa and George are looking
forward to seeing Mr. Bull again.
Digger. Crane. Vroom…..
Here we are.
Oh, Mr. Bull is not here.
Mr. Bull must
have finished and gone home.
Digger. Crane. Vroom.
Moo….Stop!
Oh, is the water pipe broken again?
No, peppa.
This time it's faulty electrical cables.
How to mend electrical cables?
We dig up the road!
Hooray!
Peppa and George love it
when Mr.Bull digs up the road.
Everyone loves it
when Mr. Bull digs up the road.